Add Airbnb Demo (#6725)
realm/realm-js: examples/rn-mbnb/README.md

This app opens a Realm via `RealmProvider` (see [AuthenticatedApp.tsx](./frontend/app/AuthenticatedApp.tsx)) and passes the configuration as props. We use `OpenImmediately` for new and existing Realm files in order to use the app while offline.

> See [OpenRealmBehaviorConfiguration](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm-sdks/js/latest/types/OpenRealmBehaviorConfiguration.html) for possible configurations of new and existing Realm file behaviors.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
* [React Native development environment](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup?guide=native)
  * Refer to the **"React Native CLI Quickstart"**.

### Set up an Atlas Database with a Sample Dataset

1. [Deploy a free Atlas cluster](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/getting-started/#get-started-with-atlas) and create an Atlas database.
2. [Load the Sample Airbnb Dataset](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/sample-data/) into your Atlas database.
    * Several databases and collections exist in the sample dataset, but we will only be using the `sample_airbnb` database and its `listingsAndReviews` collection.

> 3. [Create a Search Index](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-search/tutorial/create-index/) with an Index Name of `airbnb`.  This will be used for Atlas Search within the application

Reviewer: the search index name seems to be case sensitive and the backend is looking for `airBnB`, causing search to fail. So either change it here or in the backend (I'd lean towards backend as it's more likely people will end up typing all lowercase).

Author: good point.  I can update this.

Author: should also change it to `mbnb`

1. [Set up App Services CLI](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/cli/).
2. In the provided [backend directory](./backend/) (the App Services App), update the following:
    * Cluster Name
      * Update the `"clusterName"` in [data_sources/mongodb-atlas/config.json](./backend/data_sources/mongodb-atlas/config.json) to the name of your cluster.
      * (The default name is `Cluster0`.)
    * App ID
      * There is no `"app_id"` defined in [realm_config.json](./backend/realm_config.json) since we will create a brand new App. **If** you for some reason are updating an existing app, add an `"app_id"` field and its value.
3. [Create and deploy](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/cli/appservices-apps-create/) the local directory to App Services:
```sh
appservices push --local ./backend
```
4. Once pushed, verify that your App shows up in the App Services UI. 
5. 🥳 You can now go ahead and [install dependencies and run the React Native app](#install-dependencies).

### Install Dependencies

From the project root directory, run:

```sh
npm install
```

If developing with iOS, also run:

```sh
npx pod-install
```

### Run the App

> 1. [Copy your Atlas App ID](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/reference/find-your-project-or-app-id/#std-label-find-your-app-id) from the App Services UI.

Reviewer: nit: it also gets populated in the backend/meta.json, at least when the app gets created from the CLI

Author: True.  Could also possible pull the AppID directly out of this.

2. Paste the copied ID as the value of the existing variable `appId` in [./sync.config.js](./sync.config.js):
```js
export const SYNC_CONFIG = {
  // Add your App ID here
  appId: "<YOUR APP ID>",
};
```
3. Start Metro (the JavaScript bundler) in its own terminal:
```sh
npm start
```
4. In another terminal, start the app:
```sh
# Open the app on an iOS simulator.
npm run ios

# Open the app on an Android emulator.
npm run android
```

> To run the app on an actual device, see React Native's [Running on Device](https://reactnative.dev/docs/running-on-device).

## Troubleshooting

A great help when troubleshooting is to look at the [Application Logs](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/activity/view-logs/) in the App Services UI.

### Permissions

If permission is denied:
  * Make sure your IP address is on the [IP Access List](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/security/network/#ip-access-list) for your App.

>   * Make sure you have the correct data access permissions for the collections.
>     * See [Set Data Access Permissions](#set-data-access-permissions) further above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Make sure you have the correct [data access permissions](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/rules/roles/#define-roles---permissions) for the collections.
```
